***Library Management System***

Library Management System is based on a concept of recording owned books, issued books, returned books, students 
who have borrowed and many more. Before stepping into the main system a user has to pass through a login system 
to get access, there are two types of login i.e Student and Librarian Login. To get access to the Librarian’s account, 
a password should be provided for the Librarian only. There are many features in this project. The user can also change 
the password from the system for their own security.

Talking about the features of the Library Management System, after logging in as a student he/she can only view booklists.
All the system is controlled by the librarian as he/she can view, search, modify, add, delete books, and Issue books. 
The other main feature contains re-issue books and returns book. The user can also search for students who issued books 
from the library. While adding books, he/she has to provide the details which includes the book, author and publisher’s 
name, book Id, price, and quantity. Similarly, if a user wants to issue books for a few days, he can easily issue just by 
providing book’s name, id, student’s name with Id, the issued date and if the user wants to re-issue book then he/she has to 
provide student’s id, book id, and new date. The user can add books easily as it is separated by different categories.
While returning the book, if a user returns late then the system automatically charges fine depending upon issued dates. 

Another feature is that the user can change the password easily from the system. The librarian login works as the admin panel 
in this system. Library Management system is developed using C++ Programming Language and different variables, strings have 
been used for the development of it. Library Management System in C++ Programming is free to download with source code. 
This project provides the best system for managing library records. Here are a few features of this Library Management System.
Login System
Login options
Books branch
Add, modify, view and delete books
Issue book
Re-issue book
Return book
Change password
Fine charging system
